Tasks placeholder pages and contribution guide added (#303)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks-contribution-guide.md

## Contributing to Tasks

> Welcome to the contribution guide to [Hugging Face Tasks](https://huggingface.co/tasks) and thank you for considering to help us out! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the contribution guide to [Hugging Face Tasks](https://huggingface.co/tasks) and thank you for considering contributing to the community!
```

### Philosophy behind Tasks

> The Task pages are made to lower the barrier of entry to understand a task that can be solved with machine learning and use or train a model to accomplish it. It's a documentation effort made to help out software developers, social scientists, or anyone with no background in machine learning that is interested in understanding how machine learning models can be used to solve a problem. The task pages avoid jargon to let everyone understand the documentation, and if specific terminology is needed, it is explained on the most basic level possible. This is important to understand before contributing to Tasks: at the end of every task page, the user is expected to be able to find and pull a model from the Hub and use it on their data and see if it works for their use case to come up with a proof of concept.

Reviewer: Minor change of wording and added a new line
```suggestion
The Task pages are made to lower the barrier of entry to understand a task that can be solved with machine learning and use or train a model to accomplish it. It's a collaborative documentation effort made to help out software developers, social scientists, or anyone with no background in machine learning that is interested in understanding how machine learning models can be used to solve a problem. 

The task pages avoid jargon to let everyone understand the documentation, and if specific terminology is needed, it is explained on the most basic level possible. This is important to understand before contributing to Tasks: at the end of every task page, the user is expected to be able to find and pull a model from the Hub and use it on their data and see if it works for their use case to come up with a proof of concept.
```
